So in the last lectures we added validation.
Now as a template driven approach we can now use this form status to display messages.
But it works a bit differently because we access the controls differently.
Let's say we want to display a message below the input here for the user name.
If that is incorrect.
So I'll add a span with a class of help block again that bootstrap class and I'll say Please enter a
valid username like this.
Now I want a template of the approach we would place username on this and Asay and you modeled to get
the reference this doesn't work here because again this is not set up by any model.
This is not registered by our energy model but it's still very easy.
We can simply add NGF of course because you want to determine whether to display this or not.
And then we can get access to this by accessing our overall form.
And here we have a get method to get method allows us to get access to our controls easily here.
You can either specify the control name or I will come back to this later.
The path to the control now for now the payoff is to name because we only have one level of nesting
in our Form object and your name is username.
So this gives us access to this user name control and now Valot holds whoever does control is available
or not.
So if it's not valid I want to output this.
And of course again to give the user a chance to do to change it I'll also check if I sign up for him
get username actually was touched.
So by adding this we should see no messages displayed for click in there and click out of there.
We see the error and if I enter something valid it's gone again.
So this is how easy you can get access to a control in your form and with this get help or method.
Now I will repeat this for the e-mail here.
So we load the input here.
I will simply exchange username for email and I will do it for the overall forum.
Here I can simply remove this get access here and just execute the ballot and touched on the overall
form which of course also has these properties.
So please enter valid Dator might be the right message here and up your e-mail it should be please enter
a valid e-mail.
So with this in place we should see nothing right now if I click in here and out of there we see the
message for the username as before and for the overall form which is still there because e-mail is invalid.
But now if I enter something ballot there we don't see if it remove this we see the message for the
field here.
And for the overall form again.
So now we're using the forms date again.
And of course keep in mind these see us as classes ngi touched engine Valot are still added.
So you can still go to your C S S code and say I input with Engy invalid and Engy tach should still
receive a border which is red for example.
So that is still possible.
The classes are the same as in the template driven approach.
So now that click in there and leave it.
You'll see it now has a red border which disappears as soon as the value becomes valid.
So this is how you can still use the form stayed important take away you access your elements differently
with this get help or Moffit to conveniently get access to them.